yo what's up this channel is not just to
talk about politics and it's definitely
not just talk about my professional life
what have you I talk about my personal
life I talk about whatever's meaningful
and important to me and the main reason
why this channel exists is to leave
something behind for my daughter to see
one day I have a daughter is now three
years old and I do not see enough of her
which is one of the major things this
video is going to be talking about some
people think that it's shocking or
inappropriate for me to talk openly
about my divorce I have very honest very
accurate reflections but my divorce on
the Internet both here on YouTube and
written as text as articles I do want my
daughter to see that material one day it
is very honest about my role my
experience my part of the story it's
very honest about the circumstances like
the situation what it is not honest
about is my wife's side of the story and
I do that partly out of respect for her
partly because of my own sense of what's
appropriate and what's inappropriate on
the internet I'm aware that you know her
boss her employer
her friends her co-workers could could
see this stuff and partly because I
don't think it's even appropriate like
in relation to my daughter for me to be
saying bad things about her mom and the
internet so the one sense in which this
material is really misleading is that it
just omits completely like the bad
things my ex-wife is really both my
written accounts and what I have to say
here on YouTube is very very flattering
to her side of the equation even if it
is only flattering her by omission and
by the word omission means not saying
something mean not mentioning something
so you know I mean that reflects my own
sense of what's honorable in these
circumstances so again the story I'm
both to tell now it basically says
nothing bad about my wife my ex-wife
except what's necessary for this story
to
be coherent I had one video back in
January showing me meeting my daughter
for two hours and is really interesting
how different people different people
who know me would talk to me interpreted
that video just a few people I guess or
irrepressible optimists and they've they
interpreted that as if like all the
problems with my divorce were solved and
like me and my ex-wife have great
communication now and are getting along
really well and a lot of other people
saw that video
and really understood that while I was
giving a positive spin to it well it was
you know showing a nice video of me
meeting and playing with my daughter
that the situation was really negative
they could pick up on you know what what
the what the scenario was so that in
itself is interesting to me so some
people could read between the lines and
some people couldn't but my point here
is not to make anyone read between the
lines I say both in writing and in
speech I'm really open about this stuff
and I'm open about it partly because I
want my daughter to see it one day for
the rest of you I mean I do you find it
interesting you don't and you know if
either interested you I am as a person
or you're interested in hearing about a
particular divorce story that involves
two intellectuals you know lived in Asia
and Europe two interesting people me and
my ex-wife interesting people and you
know on my end at least I'm trying to
both be a good parent and responsible
human being and manage pretty impossible
to manage circumstances you know you
know all of this the bottom line is
trying to do what's good for my daughter
and you know that also is both through
action and through omission it's both
what you do and what you choose not to
do so like during the first whole year
after we split up you know I was very
cautious about trying to even visit my
ex-wife because just like look are you
okay you know tell me when I can come
and visit where are you living
both of us we're moving around
internationally so much one of the
questions have gotten asked
I was even asked this by my ex lawyer I
have an ex-wife also my next lawyer
who's part of this story you know but I
was asked like oh well when you split up
why didn't you immediately like rush
over to see her in France so well when
two people decide to get divorced that's
not what you do like you know I wanted
her to do well and feel well Makar I
wanted to be positive have a happy life
and I wanted to be involved in
co-parenting and be involved my
daughter's life but you've just decided
to get divorced you know the other
person is upset you don't want to show
up at their door unannounced you know
they'll be kind of a horrible thing to
do to them you know and also she went to
France temporarily
it was definitely possible at that time
she was talking about moving either to
New York or Seattle so from my
perspective on Canadian if it's Seattle
I should move to where I am living now -
Victoria west coast Canada if it's New
York I should move to Montreal
you know I'm looking in a pragmatic way
long term I don't know where she's gonna
be living I don't know what's happening
next but you know the last thing I want
to do is show up and and make her feel
uncomfortable I mean like during that
whole first year now as I mention on
this channel also we've had had a period
this is also relevant to today's story
we then had a period where you know I
invited her to move in move in with me
just move into the same city with me not
in the same apartment but I said look
you can live in the same neighborhood we
can co-parent here to it the whole
period I was saying to her since so many
times in email and all the
communications in email so all of it can
be shown in court I was saying do
something positive cooperate with me
let's talk about the future let's plan
for the future I was trying to see my
daughter I was also trying to just
encourage my ex-wife to talk to me about
her plans and I would talk about my
plans my career my education what's
going on with me
so I was taking very constructive and
long-term view of things and said my ex
lawyer like I don't know if it's a
romantic idea in her head or what but
like when she was asking why didn't you
just immediately buy an airplane ticket
and go to France that's not the solution
you know when two adults decide to get
divorced you kind of showing up in
someone's personal space the last thing
you want to do so
like roughly two years pass I thought
about making a list of exact dates
before doing this video but you know I
really don't like the style that I don't
like scripted videos both emotionally
and intellectually feel it's better
speak so none of the dates and this are
precise for in court I'm gonna use the
exact emails and the exact dates but
like for the first two years as they say
I mean I don't want to push her too hard
emotionally or any other way and you
know you're it's all an email it's all
preserved for history unlike a telephone
call you've got a record of exactly what
you said and you know I'm writing and
saying look when can I come and visit my
daughter but one of the problems the
responses I'm getting from acts wife is
that she is trying to have it both ways
and she's playing games it turns out I
find out what game she's playing legally
she's playing games legally as well as
morally with intentionally giving
misleading and vague answers so to give
one example you know several times I
sent her emails asking about sending her
child support money paying her money so
to give an example and again all of this
I have the emails of exactly what I said
I wrote and said well look um I don't
mind paying child support the last time
we talked about it cuz we talked about
it face to face before she got the
airplane you know you said that you
wouldn't want me to pay child support
until I finish what I'm currently doing
a university like so when I finish
because I by the way I already have
university but I went back to university
get another degree she'd said verbally
that she didn't eat child support until
I finished history totally
understandable don't need to talk about
her financial situation but you know
she's got money in the bank and you know
obviously I have no income while I'm a
university student and I said you know
okay well you know I'm a full-time
student no income and I said to her but
um like here's the Canadian system for
child support payments because there's a
government system telling you how much
you know the father should send and
there were a few different you know you
can it's an internet forum you can check
different boxes doesn't change very much
and I even have emails where I wrote you
are saying look you know under the
Canadian system
the payments are really really low
they're set really low because some guys
have you know six kids with five
different women so like when you only
have one kid the child support payments
are really low especially given the cost
of living in France so I have emails to
or where I said look you know I'm happy
to to like have an agreement with you
like I can sign some with you where we
take the Canadian government system as a
guideline and then I pay 20% more than
that or we say okay until I get a job
I'm gonna pay so much like we're gonna
pretend I'm earning $30,000 under the
Canadian system until I finish
University and get a job and then we'll
use my actual income like I don't care
but like you know like let's look at the
government guidelines let's come up with
something reasonable and I can send you
a check in the mail so I had emails like
that were again I'm trying to be
positive in certain type of things and
you report on the sometimes you'll just
be no replies none well that went on for
a long time but she would also send a
reply like there is nothing more to
discuss it'd be like okay well you know
and I've got to talk to my lawyer or
whatever and it's like okay well I've
offered to pay child support and she's
refused and given the earlier
conversations you know you know whatever
given the other conversations it seemed
to make sense that what she was saying
was you know that she was continuing to
just wait until I finish University and
get a real job and and then child
support start but you know you always be
looking at this stuff like why these
responses so cryptic and
counterproductive and when I'm really
just trying to be helpful
and plan for the future and so why do
you respond this way so we found out I
mean so there's a dramatic twist in the
tale but likewise she had also already
played the game where I was proposing to
come and visit my daughter it's like
okay well when when do I come and visit
and you know there's a limited window of
opportunity so yeah okay there's a
there's a holiday coming up on the
University schedule I'm in classes like
my class ends at this time can I come
and see my daughter and
she might really vaguely say something
like you can visit your daughter anytime
like something really vague like that
and then be like okay well if I buy this
airplane ticket like when do I arrive
when do I leave and be no answer and I'd
resend that and again either there be no
answer at all or something really vague
and bizarre like there's nothing to
discuss or something and it would be
impossible to visit now again come back
to what I said earlier you do not want
to show up uninvited at your ex-wife's
place you want to have positive
communication about all kinds of details
like okay I'm gonna stay at a hotel down
the street or you know just where you're
staying and what she's comfortable with
like you know do you want me to meet you
at a coffee shop like you know where we
gonna do you want me to meet you in the
park can we play in the bar do you want
to meet at Disneyland like I met you
Disneyland as example because you know
it's not that I'm I'm into Disneyland
but you know if you're a divorced couple
you might want to be in a really
structured environment where you know
it's not my house it's not your house
it's Disneyland you know whatever like
you know let's let's actually talk this
out and plan it out so something you're
comfortable with and everything's good
but also you just need agreement about
like okay when when is it good for me to
take the airplane or what have you
um and she what she would never respond
positively and then the other big strand
of what was going on all along for a
long time was that she would play these
blackmail games this even relates to the
camera I'm looking into right now during
the whole first year I was uncomfortable
with with talking my daughter by Skype
partly because my daughter is so young
like talking about a one-year-old
I don't know psychologically like to say
to point to that the TV screen and say
this is your father to me that's a
little weird but okay my daughter was
getting a bit older and I said to my
ex-wife okay look like it's been
impossible to sort out a visit so I'm
gonna buy a camera and I'm gonna Skype
with my daughter and she's a little bit
older now than she was a few months ago
and hopefully this goes well and so on
and you know so I ordered the camera the
camera ride again my wife said yes she
can as part of this pattern and I was
like okay well now I've got the camera
you know camera I bought it and it comes
in the mail and
and then well the camera eyes okay great
so let's let's talk on skype I'll see my
daughter by Skype and then my wife turns
around and has blackmail where she says
okay you've got a sign away all your
legal rights and among the things that
makes this absurd is like you can't
blackmail someone where the carrot is
the same as the stick sorry it's a bit
of a mixed metaphor but like if the
point is what I want is to spend quality
time with my daughter
how can you offer me time with my
daughter as a way to blackmail me into
signing legal legal documents
sacrificing my right to visit my
daughter it's not gonna work like you
know if there are two different things
like if it's I want to visit my daughter
and I have to sign something I don't
know giving up my fabulous collection of
books anything I don't know yeah I have
to I have to you're trying to get me to
give up one thing in order to get
another then the blackmail makes sense
but on so many levels the type of
blackmail she's done with me all of
which is is evident in email so you know
where she's asked me to to sign things
and agree to things in order to see my
daughter by Skype or to see my daughter
in person like it's so it's so
short-sighted of her like if I did do it
like if I were stupid enough to sign
these documents just so that I could see
my daughter by Skype or just so I could
see my daughter during a vacation which
you know emotionally be very
understandable for someone to do what
are you gonna tell my daughter in the
future one day like when she grows up
and asks like why don't I ever see my
father or why doesn't he have these
little rights like that's really dark
like to say to your daughter well your
father was so desperate to see you that
he signed away his right to see you so
that he could see you like that is dark
and I mean both both short-term and
long-term what's what's the strategy
there for her as a parent it's like her
situation with me is I'm highly
motivated you selling positive
I want to cooperate I want to spend
quality time with my daughter
in general I'm encouraging of my ex-wife
to achieve her dreams and goals in life
well you know for her if she if she
wants to live in China if she wants to
live in Europe she wants to live in the
United States I'm basically positive but
like you know I'm not trying to control
her life anyway I don't want any harm
you know I don't want anything negative
for her so to take a guy who is really
positively motivated for coal parathion
cooperation and so on and just to
maliciously try to poison that and
it and force it to be a really
negative legally hostile situation what
are you gonna gain because at the end of
that process there's no way your
cooperation with me can be as positive
as it was at the beginning of the
process at the beginning of the process
I was giving away for free everything
you could try to force out of me legally
you know what I mean like this there's
no like iight from her perspective
strategically I don't see any way she
can benefit by being punitive in the way
she's been been she's been punitive um
including like as I say really even if I
sign those documents how is that a good
thing for her how is that a good thing
for my daughter
etc it only gives her that anyway the
ability with my daughter but look there
are they're a bunch of twists in the
road here what so a couple of things got
revealed to me so one in general since
we separated there's been constant email
correspondence but like 90% of it is
from me with very little responsible but
you can just look down the list of
emails so you know I'm emailing her and
you know she knew where I was living and
what I was doing she knew about my she's
she doesn't tell me that kind of
permission but I was telling her with my
job options and what I was doing at the
University and where I lived in Canada
as mentioned we had a long detailed
conversation about about exactly where
I'm living Canada cuz she considered
moving here so you know I talked about
the schools and the parks and the
neighborhood and the even the grocery
store like I was talking about the
different neighborhoods in the city and
where she might want to live so we've
had
those kinds of conversations but 90% of
the writing is from me and very little
of the information is coming from her
both few messages and the messages she
sends are really short and cryptic which
again makes trust difficult when you're
trying to be the you're trying to be the
more generous and cooperative person
it's like what's coming back is not is
not so cooperative but can't legally
this is significant so she concealed
quite a few things from me and it got
revealed in a dramatic way I figured out
there was a period where she stopped
replying to me and I was just trying to
send my daughter gifts every so often I
sent my daughter gifts whether their
birthday gifts or Christmas or just
gifts because I found something nice I
want to send my daughter and um you know
my ex-wife she got quiet and I'd sent
this bicycle on the bicycle the spirit
ride any confirmation look I'm sending
these gifts is this still the right
address and then I just google her and I
see that she didn't tell me she's moved
from France to Germany she kept that
secret no legally and morally that's a
problem if I'm my daughter's father in
terms of my attitude as a person if my
wife just told me she was moving if she
just had positivity I'd be so happy she
said hey I got a new job in Germany
I'd say that's great and it also said
when can I come and visit my daughter
because this whole time the whole you
know just trying to have positive
cooperation and co-parenting and
planning for the future just trying to
be positive despite the terrible
malicious things my ex-wife has done to
me at every stage as they say terrible
things that don't really get mentioned
in my public accounts of this stuff but
both legally and morally
if you cross an international frontier
with a child that you do not have
custody of you don't have exclusive
custody over that I have partial custody
that's an issue and say whoa wait come
on like it's not about getting my
permission
but you've got to inform me and you've
got to provide me with an address so
that I can send my daughter presents so
then I had to start a kind of
letter-writing campaign and she was not
replying it's like look
I'm just trying to send my daughter
gifts like how can you have in your
heart like you've done all these
terrible things but why would you stop
me from sending her presence like and
you know I don't care and I said to open
ice look I don't need to know your home
address you can give me your mother's
like you know my daughter's
grandmother's home address you can give
me a post-office box I can send your
honor I don't care like if you have any
concern cuz I would never show up at her
house without her permission without
like arrangement there's no question of
that but it's like if you if you want
your privacy I don't give me any address
they can be your office it can be you
know like I just want to make sure the
present eventually gets to my daughter I
give me somebody else's address who
cares
yeah but give me you know you've got to
be able to provide me with a way to send
my daughter presents this is this is
ridiculous so then step by step what
really happened gets revealed in secret
my ex-wife concealed from me
legal machination she carried on that
declared me that gave me the legal
status through through what I would call
fraudulent means I'll explain why he's
the word fraud in just a second she
established in a court of law
that I had the status of being missing
and impossible to contact the the French
term I'm not gonna bother getting into
but it's a legal term in French it's
basically equivalent to in English
saying someone is m.i.a someone is
missing and presumed dead you have the
same legal status as a dead person who's
disappeared who's gone missing in action
okay so my wife concealed this from me
so illegally she's still my wife because
the divorce hasn't happened she went to
a court of law and she presented legal
documents that I'll say are Friday until
say precisely why just a moment claiming
that she'd had no contact with me and
that I had disappeared from the face of
the earth in Taiwan and then there were
documents in Chinese that apparently she
paid some kind of investigator in Taiwan
to investigate my whereabouts
and this investigator said oh he's
disappeared nobody knows where he is
okay so why is this fraudulent of course
in on many levels it's violent but the
simple one for this video is during this
whole time we have email correspondence
right you're she went to a court of law
and she swore she had no idea where in
the world I wasn't had no way to contact
me when she was in contact with me and I
can prove it in a court of law and
secondly we discussed in in depth my
life in Canada I talked about my
education my job options and we talked
about where I was living in depth
because she considered moving here right
legally significant anyways so we've
just had reveal and the emails are right
through this time they're not angry and
they're not abusive but we in terms of
like trying to trust someone and
cooperate with someone I've just had
revealed to me that this woman has
backstabbed me legally in the most
terrible way possible and she didn't
even tell me about it until afterward
and she was trying to conceal this from
me and like in terms of the timeline I
had again tried to talk to her because
it happened more than once I'd again
tried to talk to her about child support
okay
so she kept this legal proceeding for me
completely secret and I had the legal
right I should have been there or I
should have been able to send a lawyer
there but if you keep it a secret for me
I don't know about it if you go to a
legal hearing like that and you you you
falsely claimed that I could not attend
the meeting because I disappeared in
Taiwan I never moved from Taiwan to
Canada or she didn't know that right and
again it's all email we have proof we
can prove exactly when she knew that and
her writing back to me and and thinking
about joining me in Canada dark I mean
I'm smiling about him laugh about it but
that's really dark to have your ex-wife
when you are trying to be cooperative
and positive manipulate the legal system
against you by claiming you've
disappeared your m.i.a or your presumed
dead and that you've expressed no
interest in your daughter so like she's
falsely claiming that I had never sent
gifts to my daughter that I had never
offered it pay child support that I had
just disappeared and I had no contact
with her
no wonders to my daughter when the
opposite of all those things was true
but you see legally what she was then
doing after that at that same court
hearing the same event where I was
declared missing where I had all my
legal rights taken away from me because
I was missing and had the same status as
someone presumed dead at that same
hearing the judge just arbitrarily
imposed a child support requirement now
again I don't object to that
you know I've off I don't mind paying
child support okay but you know normally
I or my lawyer would be there to discuss
the situation as now if I'm missing or
dead I have no income and there's no way
for me to pay child support so this also
creates a strange legal situation like
how can a dead man pay child support but
randomly the judge set the amount at 150
euros per month okay well my income is
zero so whether that's fair or not is
another question but whatever so since
then since I found out about it I've
been paying on videos but neither my
ex-wife nor her lawyer informed me right
see see this is this kind of blackmail
trick he's trying to play if you don't
even tell me the day in court happened
and if you don't even tell me there's a
legal requirement with a specific dollar
figure when I've offered I have the
emails proving it I'd offered to pay
child support and I didn't care I'd said
in those emails look if you want to use
the French legal standard we can but
here's what I know about the French
legal standard which is just from
reading on the Internet but I would
prefer to use the Canadian legal
standard because you know here's they
have a good website here it is you know
and if it's too low I don't mind let's
use the Canadian standard plus 20% or
whatever like we can we can sort
something out we can sign an informal
agreement or and you know and I said if
you you know it can be temporary we can
sign an agreement for one year whatever
I was open to being reasonable and
sorting out child support short term and
long term I'm happy to do it you know
ultimately I prefer the Canadian legal
system because it's an English rather
than French but you know under the
French legal system what I was told by
my lawyer was actually that the normal
amount if you're still a university
student or what-have-you don't have a
regular income
the default is you only 50 euros but all
these amounts of money are so low it's
it's pathetic
150 euros in Cambodia that's real money
in France it's nothing so I don't even
feel bad about the number of being under
50 euros okay fine so a judge a judge
treated me as equivalent to dead treated
me as a missing person and assigned the
number 150 euros but if you don't tell
me that if you're lying to yourself or
you're lying to your lawyer and your
lawyer is lying to the court and your
lawyer doesn't even inform me that I'm
liable to pay child support and again
the emails from my ex-wife are saying
really vague things like there's nothing
more to discuss like just totally
unhelpful blank responses like this then
she's in a position to backstab me
further because she can claim that I've
refused to pay child support the same
day I found out about the child support
cause like all this these legal
documents show up and like you know I
don't know if anyone else in the
scenario realize the gravity of this cuz
it's like okay all my legal rights have
been taken away from me by someone
fraudulently claiming like I disappeared
or died in Taiwan when they know and I
can prove in a court of law they know
that I'm alive and well in Canada and
when she offered to move here to join me
in Canada and everything like and that
also shows goodwill like she can't
pretend she's afraid of me or something
if I have email showing that we've had
these reasonable conversations and she
thought about moving here to join me
like it's just not a it's not that kind
of conflict situation not on my side
I've been positive so the same day you
know I went to the bank I went to the
post office and I photographed the
monetary instrument because I sent the
money by a type of draft it's not a
cheque you know it's been anyway it's
money in the form of piece of paper when
did the bank bought it went to the post
office photographed it put it the
envelope photograph that sent it in the
mail emailed the proof to my lawyer and
to my look the minute I found out that a
court set the number at 150 euros I paid
the child support for several months
stacked it up for several months the
future and you know I would have I
offered in the past it was just a matter
of settling a number I don't care
but reciprocal with that of course
whenever you talk to someone who knows
the law in France legally in France you
always have the right to visit your kid
even if you're a convicted criminal
which I'm not by the way I have no
criminal record of NAHB
but even if I were a convicted criminal
in terms of human rights in France I
would have the right to visit my
daughter even if I did not pay child
support I would have the right to visit
my daughter which is interesting but the
fact that I pay child support in France
normally that completely guarantees that
you get to visit your kid so people are
no French largest people who are in
France have been divorced they often say
to me like like what you're saying can't
be true like if you're paying child
support then you have the right to go
visit your daughter like like you know
in the French legal system sense and I
say to them not if you're dead the only
situation I could be in where my wife
could play these crazy games of
blackmail and trickery is the exact
situation I am which is she went to a
court of law first without informing me
keeping it secret from me during a
period of time when I had these helpful
emails writing to her etc etc and in
that court of law had me declared
legally equivalent to dead that I was
missing and there was no way to contact
me and there was no known address for me
that
and again like there's these documents
in Chinese I assume the the the judge in
France can't read Chinese these
mysterious documents in Chinese that
like I don't even know what the lawyer
said maybe she claimed this this is a
Chinese legal document confirming that
he's disappeared in Taiwan they could
say anything I'm you know a French legal
system they're not born yesterday but I
don't know man
so I mean you know this is like in terms
of legal hostilities this is the lowest
of the low
I mean did some of you out there have
had worse divorces like in terms of the
incongruous contrast between my having a
positive attitude of look I'm into
co-parenting I'm into supporting you
having a positive career and future I'm
into me having a positive grand future
I'm willing to live anywhere in the
world just talk to me just plan for the
future if you want to move to New York
fine if you want to move to Seattle fine
if you're going to live in China
but let's talk about it let's plan I
want to be living in a situation where I
can be a positive part of my daughter's
life I don't want to restrict my
ex-wife's life in any way I've never had
a jealous bone in my body if she wants
to get married to somebody else I'm
happy for it just you know I have none
of the problems that like I don't know
90% of guys have like none of that's on
my mind I'm just trying to take a bad
divorce turn to pause divorce and all of
this stuff what does my ex-wife think
the future is for my daughter so at some
point she's gonna have to explain this
to my daughter and it's all gonna be
down legal like I mean it looks bad and
I'm I'm flat I'm being very flattering
towards her but like what is your
long-term strategy I mean you know if
she actually had someone kill me the
plan would make sense because then I
disappear and maybe my daughter never
hears the other side of the story but
short of that like long term what is the
plan like what I mean malice the probe
with malice is that my ex-wife she
doesn't gain anything situation like if
somebody Rob's me it's about money
yeah it's about money I understand if
someone cheats me you know whatever it's
about money to sell finished in vault
but like well my ex-wife has been doing
here its destructive and the one person
I suffer but ultimately you know my
daughter suffers so he's a fast forward
a bit this is all revealed and again I
mean you know these the emails I wrote I
mean you know I wrote very level-headed
positive friendly constructive emails
and I move on to trying to arrange my
next visit to see my daughter
despite this right so it's like this is
the ultimate stabbing in the back
legally I'm in a terrible situation now
suddenly revealed to me and also I've
just found it I finally got a mailing
address I I could tell more about that
exactly how I moved that forward is an
interesting story but my my ex-wife did
not volunteer that but okay so I've got
a mailing address
I can now send presents to my daughter I
say okay well look you know the December
holiday is coming up whatever you want
to call it the Christmas holiday than
the use holiday so can I come and visit
my daughter in Germany okay and my
ex-wife says yes again this is all email
so it's not my opinion
I have the email proving she said yes
she said yes okay and I write back again
totally friendly emails totally friendly
helpful factual emails saying okay so
this is one I'm gonna buy an airplane
ticket is this okay a lot of details
like that because again have a divorce
you don't want there to be any surprises
I talked about details like well look do
you want me to rent an apartment big
enough so that my daughter can come over
and play at my place like are you
comfortable with me coming over and
seeing my daughter at your place are we
gonna meet in the park like what how are
we gonna set up I'm trying to discuss
practical details in a friendly way and
my wife is either not replying at all or
like I got one reply from her which is
about this it was like airplane tickets
what kind of apartment I'm gonna rent
etc I get like replies like thank you
for this information that's that the
whole email so she said yes you know
I've got the email proving she said yes
and then I get like no reply at all or
totally cryptic one sentence reply like
thank you for this information and time
is going past so like a month goes by
and then I'm writing to were saying look
I keep sending you these details but I'm
now running out of time I have to buy an
airplane ticket right so this whole time
from the first yes I'm coming to visit
her in Germany because she lives in
Germany and what she told me she gave me
the address to send the gifts she's
living in Germany with my daughter and
everything I'm talking about is airplane
ticket of Germany hotel room in Germany
or renting a temporary apartment Germany
and I ain't rich is a lot of money to
come from the west coast of Canada all
the way to Germany rent a room in
Germany he was gonna stay in Germany for
17 days so for me this is all the money
in the world but this is a chance for me
to spend quality time look
listy within seven days I could have
spent 15 days with my daughter like 15
days as quality time I'm there for 17
days I don't know like good at getting
to and from the airport maybe the first
and last day you don't really spend but
this could be serious amounts of quality
time with my daughter it's a huge
financial sacrifice but of course I'm
willing to do it and all I'm going she
gave me a permission one she gave me
permission and then - she never
discussed any of the details with me but
I'm totally open to these kinds of
questions where are we gonna meet what's
comfortable happened okay so over this
more than a month and she's not replying
it's okay look I've got to move forward
with buying the airplane ticket so then
I buy the airplane ticket and I take a
you know photograph on the internet of
the airplane ticket and the receipt for
the room of rented which again is
actually my own money directly there's
also interesting story with that the
money I used for this the money that
made this possible was a scholarship I
want so due to my high grades at
university I got a scholarship that put
a few thousand dollars in my pocket so I
was able to put that into airplane
ticket to visit my daughter as I say of
zero income and actually at that time my
parents do support my parents pay the
rent on this apartment my parents in
this phase of my life made a lot of
things possible for me but ensure I
would not have been able to move forward
with that actually if I was waiting for
my parents money or rely on parents
money so move forward that and at that
moment when it's way too late she's
intentionally delayed to be way too late
after I bought the airplane ticket then
she hits me with the blackmail she says
oh so if you want to visit your daughter
I assume you're gonna agree to all these
things I demand and you're gonna sign
away your rights it's the same blackmail
game she been playing for I don't know
roughly two years right now I wrote I
mean you know and again this is after
the legal shenanigans after everything I
mean I could teach a university course
based on these email replies I wrote
totally polite friendly positive email
fastest and said well no that's not the
situation you did give me your
permission to visit like you know I
actually did not respond in a hostile
way at all but I just go over the facts
etcetera etc but I can like short-term
and long-term and I'ma get how does it
benefit my daughter how does it benefit
Mack's wife none of this makes sense but
you know you want to backstab me again
and I've already bought the airplane
ticket I've already paid for the room
but of course I cannot sign away the
right to visit my daughter and you can't
the carrot and the stick can't be the
same thing it just in the blackmail
doesn't make sense but if you think the
word blackmail is inappropriate and what
happened next is telling so then only
after this point and I'll never know the
truth of what happened when but right up
to this 11th hour more than a month
right up to my buying the airplane
ticket everything has been presuming
that I was going to Germany that that's
where they were that's where I would
that is where she invited me to visit my
daughter that's where she gave me
permission to come and see my daughter
and only after and she didn't even do it
in the black memo we should say okay
well if if you want to see your daughter
then you're gonna agree to all this and
some of this finally writes away right
and and that's not all she also she also
wanted me to delete my youtube channel
by the way so you my dear audience
you're part of this drama in a small way
I noticed you know when her lawyer is
involved she never asked for that
but indirect emails to me she does
that's on her list of demands was that
it that I delete might not YouTube press
because we're legally it has no validity
you can't you can't demand it in a court
of law I have the right to come on
YouTube and talk about my boring life so
only after the 11th hour and only after
I write that reply where I say look you
know it very politely explains it recaps
the whole situation say this is what you
agreed to
etc and I hope you'll be reasonable and
let me spend quality time with my
daughter I've spent thousands of dollars
I'm gonna be in Europe for 17 days
is let's make the best of this let's do
something positive future then she says
no we won't even be in Germany like if
you come here
nobody's here like she's not there my
daughter's not there so no my daughter
won't be here my daughter will be in
France now if that were true if it had
being true she would have mentioned it
at any of the other stages during that
month like including the stage where I
was sending her the details of my
airplane ticket and my room reservation
before I'd actually pay for them at any
stage she could have said that and I
would have been completely positive and
cooperative I wouldn't have cared it's
no difference to me like you know oh I'm
gonna visit my daughter German oh this
was done in a mean-spirited and
malicious way and she said if you
actually come here to Germany um she
threatened to harm me specifically she
said she would
she didn't say if I was she said because
you're coming she said she would make
false reports to the police so that I
would be arrested and go to jail now I'm
saying that vaguely full support she
sent specific allegations that she would
make against me now these allegations
that she said she would report to the
police again all of this like legally
its email I can show this to the judge
like none of this is my opinion none of
this is like a memory of a phone call
I've got the emails what are you
thinking sending this threat to me what
she threatened to tell the police was
not credible legally on so many levels
including that it's like like she said
she would tell the police that I was a
threat for kidnapping based on like
something I had allegedly verbally said
three years earlier in Taiwan and it's
like it's such a mean this is so
ridiculous like if we actually disputed
this in court
again it would just feel like well here
are the emails like if this woman ever
thought I was a threat for kidnapping
why do we have all these reasonable
emails where I'm talking about visiting
my daughter and that's no
problem and where my ex-wife is talking
with visiting Canada like you want to
bring me up on on kidnapping charges you
want to say I'm a threat like so they
are really they're really serious
allegations to falsely or fraudulently
present the police morally and legally
this is really dark but they're also
just observed like I I can't imagine any
judge shaking him seriously even if I
wasn't there to defend myself even if I
couldn't present the emails but if I can
so I mean you know the situation she set
herself up for now legally as well as
morally with my daughter
it's like well I have total evidence
that my ex-wife maliciously prevented me
from being a part of my daughter's life
during years when I was being completely
constructive and positive about trying
to be a positive part of my my
daughter's life I have evidence that she
maliciously denounced me to the police
and I went there in Germany my German is
not that great but I went and talked to
the police in German I ain't I ain't
afraid I know it's like to have people
threaten to kill me in third world
countries I am you tell me the cops are
gonna arrest me I say okay I'll go to
the police station talk to the cops I
don't I don't have any guilt on my
conscience I've dealt with cops in Laos
Cambodia China whatever cops and my
friends man I if I go to a prison in
Germany on false charges
I'd feel great you know when you're
innocent when you know you're innocent
I I wouldn't I would be proud to tell
that story to my daughter if I went to
jail you know because my ex-wife lied to
the police
I would say to my daughter look I love
you I care about you
when I had the opportunity to go to
Germany to visit you that was the right
thing to do even though my ex-wife said
I would be put in prison on these false
charges that's that's what it means to
me that's my level of commitment you
know so it's really dark and the other
side of it is that in this video
knocking taggable further she tried to
have her cake and eat it too
she tried to double trip
cross me whatever but then also saying
oh well you can visit your daughter if
now after the last minute so so I was
flying on December 13th and on December
11th
I got a totally incoherent invitation
garbled via my ex lawyer who can't
communicate in English that it would
somehow be possible for me to see my
daughter if I got from Germany to France
once that was there even though the room
I'd paid for was in Germany and they
airplane to go to pay for a journey and
I mean it's like crossing the continent
they're not there they're not parts of
Germany in France too closely there's an
enormous distance pardon me the distance
isn't the fundamental problem it was
this really weird invitation that ended
up being the two hours I saw my daughter
for was there for 17 days and through
sheer malice on my ex-wife part I only
got to spend two hours of my daughter
okay but even that the communication was
so incoherent and my ex-wife refused to
discuss with me or clarify with me and
right up to the morning of that visit
when I was there I was getting email
saying no you can't like so the
miscommunication about like like can I
come should I like should I come like if
you if you asked to visit your daughter
and ex-wife says no and your ex-wife
says no and I'm calling the cops and
making a false report he's sent to
prison then naturally you keep your
distance but right up to the morning
when I spent those two two hours of my
daughter I was getting ridiculous
contradictory emails like saying oh well
forget it we're not even gonna show up
like thousands and thousands of dollars
on airplane tickets on hotel rooms on
lawyers thousands of dollars I was in
Europe for 17 days and I only got to see
my daughter for two hours if I had never
had any other problems an ex-wife if
there was no conflict between us of any
kind that alone would be unforgivable
for the rest of my life you can never
forgive that
that was my only chance to see my
daughter in a period of more than two
years and I don't know when my next
chance to see my daughter will be my old
video says honestly that I think I'm
never gonna see my daughter again and
this video explains why it's not just
Geographic it's not just economic it's
not just financial it's not just legal
fundamentally the reason why I live with
the expectation that I'm never gonna get
to see my daughter again is my ex-wife's
attitude behavior conduct is that she
will maliciously backstab me repeatedly
in order to deny me the right to see my
daughter
and also so she can kind of cover her
tracks and falsely claim oh well you
could have come and seen your daughter
at any time that's all so that's why I
get these vague emails saying like
there's nothing more to discuss like oh
you could come anytime you just don't
and it's like ah
struggle is real you know and so much
time has passed and it may be several
years more a more than one year from now
at least before the divorce is finally
settled but the other thing is the other
thing with sense in which this my wife
has placed the short-term game now
legally in court we can prove
malfeasance or fraud on her part there's
no doubt about that it's it's all set
down an email the the events are clear
before anyway if none of this had
happened I still couldn't lose in a
court of law because in a court of law
in France all I'm asking for or my bare
minimum rights in terms of human rights
what I'm guaranteed again what I'm
asking for is a father I would be
guaranteed even if I were convicted
criminal it's not debatable it's not
based on merit it's not based on income
it's not based on anything
the only way she deprived me of my
rights was by claiming I was missing in
action claiming I was missing impossible
to Connor she had no idea where I was at
disappeared knowing and by lying to me
and concealing from me a legal
proceeding that she carried out in
secret and extraordinary
legal proceeding that declared me to be
a missing person and again like you know
you don't know what kind of judge you're
gonna get but any judge sitting there
looking at that like most most of the
lawyers in France have talked to they're
just stunned they just look at that go
they can't believe one human being would
do that to another like within French
law it's extraordinary
and in legal practice there's a doctrine
called clean clean hands doctrine like
in court if you can prove that the other
party has has manipulated the legal
process in the past that they've lied in
legal documents that they've submitted
fraudulent or misleading information in
court then that changes the whole rest
of the process you know in the United
States that's taken very very seriously
in France I don't know but I mean bottom
line is you gotta answer to the judge
you gotta answer to your own daughter
I mean long-term what is the game like
what does my ex-wife how does she win
doing this if she actually sends someone
to murder me the plan makes sense cuz to
take me off the list legally to have me
declared missing and then actually kill
me that makes sense but anything less
than that and given all the positive
efforts have made how were you ever
gonna square it with your daughter that
you know what
during those years you know your father
was positively trying to send you gifts
to spend quality time with you to come
and visit he was positively trying to
discuss where in the world we were gonna
be living so you know spending time be
possible I would you know be great if we
lived in the same city or the same
probably lived within 500 kilometers
that you know your father went back to
university and was starting a new career
but all the time he was thinking about
you and trying to visit you and what did
her mother do
she acted with real malice in a way that
harms me but ultimately just harms my
daughter and ultimately is
completely meaningless and
counterproductive so they go folks
that's where it's at but as they say in
terms of the long game in a court of law
there is no way I can lose
the absolute minimum outcome that I am
guaranteed is joint custody
there's no way joint custody can be
taken away from me unless she she
declares me to be missing or dead again
it's ridiculous um and you know in terms
of all the other things to be settled
all the other details they don't matter
that much
I would like joint custody due to the
extraordinary dishonest manipulative and
cruel
conduct of my wife in the past I need to
have a legal guarantee to have right to
control my daughter and to approve you
know what country living I can't let
them move between Germany and China with
the permission or when we say but like
if my ex-wife had just been a regular
cooperative human being I would have
never involved lawyers I would have been
totally happy to operate in a way that
was informal and cooperative and
positive and it's time but I gotta say
I've at least got to get joint custody
and to get primary custody or sole
custody
I'm completely down for that I'm
completely up for it sadly I really do
believe it is in my daughter's best
interests for me to have primary custody
or sole custody and of course would be a
huge change in my life whether I'm
living in China or living in Canada or
living in Europe or living in Israel I
consider moving to Israel partly because
it's closer to my daughter if my if my
daughter is living in Europe no idea
where my max wife is gonna move she
refuses to discuss these things me but
wherever it is in the world yeah I'm you
know
the the the sad reality is this story
began with me having sacrificed
everything in my life just to be a
parent to my daughter I dropped out of
two different university programs I
sacrificed at least two different career
ambitions had to completely give up my
long term career related to First
Nations languages first nation's
politics versus nations people had to
sacrifice all my plans in Canada
sacrificed all my plans to aid the
Buddhism and Buddhist studies that part
of Asian Studies
I had sacrificed everything just to be a
father to my daughter I sacrificed
everything and I left with nothing and I
got nothing more to sacrifice but still
in my life my top priority really is
being a father to my daughter and as
said in earlier video here the reason
why I went to Europe at that time
because was because it was the right
thing to do and I only got to spend two
hours with my daughter which is tragic
and I'm forgivable but even if I had
spent zero hours with her if I had gone
there and sat there in Europe for 17
days and didn't even see her for one
minute it would still be the right thing
to do because I would be able to say to
my daughter one day when she's grown up
look even in the face of total hostility
from ex-wife her mother even in the face
of her saying she would go to the police
and denounce me and this absurd legal
backstab even then my top priority was
any cost to be there for you at the
first chance I had the only chance I had
I spent the thousands of dollars I
crossed the ocean because it meant so
much to me to see you to be a positive
part of your life and in the next 10
years
that ain't gonna change